"When you arise in the morning think of what a privilege it is to be alive, to think, to enjoy, to love..."  - Marcus Aurelius
"Either you run the day or the day runs you." - Jim Rohn
"Mondays are the start of the work week which offer new beginnings 52 times a year!" - David Dweck
"You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction." - George Lorimer
"Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice." - Wayne Dyer
"Your Monday morning thoughts set the tone for your whole week. See yourself getting stronger, and living a fulfilling, happier & healthier life." - Germany Kent
"You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great." - Zig Ziglar
"A ship is always safe at shore but that is not what it's built for." - Albert Einstein
"Stress is caused by being 'here' but wanting to be 'there.' - Eckhart Tolle
"People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing." - Dale Carnegie
"Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude." - Zig Ziglar
"You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it." - Margaret Thatcher
"If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much." - Jim Rohn
"Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value." - Albert Einstein
"Morning is an important time of day, because how you spend your morning can often tell you what kind of day you are going to have." - Lemony Snicket
"Just one small positive thought in the morning can change your whole day." - Dalai Lama
"Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do." - John R. Wooden
"The starting point of all achievement is desire." - Napoleon Hill
"If you don't pay appropriate attention to what has your attention, it will take more of your attention than it deserves." - David Allen
"Spend eighty percent of your time focusing on the opportunities of tomorrow rather than the problems of yesterday." - Brian Tracy
"Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars." - Brian Littrell"
"Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right." - Henry Ford
"The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus." - Bruce Lee
"The only thing worse than starting something and failing ... is not starting something." - Seth Godin
"Do not be embarrassed by your failures, learn from them and start again." - Richard Branson
"For fast-acting relief, try slowing down. " - Lily Tomlin
"There is more to life than increasing its speed." - Mahatma Gandhi
"It is not a daily increase, but a daily decrease. Hack away at the inessentials." - Bruce Lee
"If I had eight hours to chop down a tree, I'd spend six hours sharpening my ax." - Abraham Lincoln
"Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great." - Mark Twain
"If you want to make an easy job seem mighty hard, just keep putting off doing it." - Olin Miller
"Winners make a habit of manufacturing their own positive expectations in advance of the event." - Brian Tracy
"Follow effective actions with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action." - Peter Drucker
"Don't mistake activity with achievement." - John Wooden
"One of the symptoms of an approaching nervous breakdown\n is the belief that one's work is terribly important." - Bertrand Russell
"Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can." - Arthur Ashe
"Show me a person who has never made a mistake and I'll show you someone who has never achieved much." - Joan Collins
"If you treat every situation as a life and death matter, you'll die a lot of times." - Dean Smith
"Amateurs sit and wait for inspiration, the rest of us just get up and go to work." - Stephen King
"Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle." - Abraham Lincoln
"I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse." - Florence Nightingale
"Take time to deliberate; but when the time for action arrives, stop thinking and go in." - Napoleon Bonaparte
"There is no traffic jam along the extra mile." - Roger Staubach
"Motivation is a fire from within. If someone else tries to light that fire under you, chances are it will burn very briefly." - Stephen R. Covey
"Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it." - Maya Angelou
"Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone." - Pablo Picasso
"Everything you want is on the other side of fear." - Jack Canfield
"Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it." - Dennis P. Kimbro
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." - C.S. Lewis
"If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it  - teach yourself to be impatient." - Gurbaksh Chahal
"Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world." - Lucille Ball
"We become what we think about." - Earl Nightingale
"I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well." - Diane Ackerman
"New beginnings are often disguised as painful endings." - Lao Tzu
"The universe is change; our life is what our thoughts make it." - Marcus Aurelius
"For success, attitude is equally as important as ability." - Harry F. Banks
"Optimism is a happiness magnet. If you stay positive, good things and good people will be drawn to you." - Mary Lou Retton
"Don't wait. The time will never be just right." - Napoleon Hill
"It does not matter how slowly you go, so long as you do not stop." - Confucius
"Life's real failure is when you do not realize how close you were to success when you gave up." - Unknown
"Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough." -  Og Mandino
"When we long for life without difficulties, remind us that oaks grow strong in contrary winds and diamonds are made under pressure." - Peter Marshall
"What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." - Henry David Thoreau
"Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better." - Samuel Beckett
"Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit." - Conrad Hilton
"Life begins at the end of your comfort zone." - Neale Donald Walsh
"What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise." - Oscar Wilde
"I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have." - Thomas Jefferson
"If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door." - Milton Berle
"You can't make positive choices for the rest of your life without an environment that makes those choices easy, natural, and enjoyable." - Deepak Chopra
"The past has no power over the present moment." - Eckhart Tolle
"The best way to succeed in this world is to act on the advice you give to others." - Unknown
"If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams." - Les Brown
"Never limit yourself because of others' limited imagination; never limit others because of your own limited imagination." - Mae Jemison
"When I'm old and dying, I plan to look back on my life and say, 'Wow, that was an adventure,' not, 'Wow, I sure felt safe.'" - Tom Preston-Werner
"Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter." - Francis Chan
"It takes but one positive thought when given a chance to survive and thrive to overpower an entire army of negative thoughts." - Robert H. Schuller
"When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too." - Paulo Coelho
"A year from now you may wish you had started today." - Karen Lamb
"Don't brood. Get on with living and loving. You don't have forever." - Leo Buscaglia